wwwroot\cinemavault front\add-movie.html
wwwroot\cinemavault front\css\style.css
wwwroot\cinemavault front\edit-movie.html
wwwroot\cinemavault front\genres.html
wwwroot\cinemavault front\index.html
wwwroot\cinemavault front\js\add-movie.js
wwwroot\cinemavault front\js\api.js
wwwroot\cinemavault front\js\api-tester.js
wwwroot\cinemavault front\js\app.js
wwwroot\cinemavault front\js\auth.js
wwwroot\cinemavault front\js\config.js
wwwroot\cinemavault front\js\debug.js
wwwroot\cinemavault front\js\edit-movie.js
wwwroot\cinemavault front\js\genres.js
wwwroot\cinemavault front\js\login.js
wwwroot\cinemavault front\js\manage-movies.js
wwwroot\cinemavault front\js\movie-details.js
wwwroot\cinemavault front\js\movies.js
wwwroot\cinemavault front\js\register.js
wwwroot\cinemavault front\js\saved-movies.js
wwwroot\cinemavault front\js\search.js
wwwroot\cinemavault front\login.html
wwwroot\cinemavault front\manage-movies.html
wwwroot\cinemavault front\movie-details.html
wwwroot\cinemavault front\register.html
wwwroot\cinemavault front\saved-movies.html
wwwroot\cinemavault front\search.html
wwwroot\images\MoviePosters\44b34584-f6bf-4554-959a-8e6198666259.jpg
